 Volume in drive C has no label.
 Volume Serial Number is 1C10-1C53

 Directory of C:\wcp_ADev\testsrc\windowstest\client\wcptests\HLS\SdkViewer\Samples\Pages

actualwidth_samp.xaml                  animateheight_samp.xaml
animatepath_samp.xaml                  animatepropertystoryboards_samp.xaml
animaterotate_samp.xaml                animatesize_samp.xaml
basic3d_samp.xaml                      binddptodp_samp.xaml
bindnontextproperty_samp.xaml          bindvalidation_samp.xaml
border_samp.xaml                       brushtypes_samp.xaml
btncolor_samp.xaml                     button_samp.xaml
canvas_samp.xaml                       checkboxelement_samp.xaml
combininggeometries_samp.xaml          combobox_samp.xaml
compositecollections_samp.xaml         contextmenu_samp.xaml
controlprops_samp.xaml                 datatrigger_samp.xaml
dockpanel_samp.xaml                    documentviewer_samp.xaml
doublekeyframe_samp.xaml               expander_samp.xaml
geometryusage_samp.xaml                gradientspread_samp.xaml
grid_samp.xaml                         interpolationmethods_samp.xaml
keyframestring_samp.xaml               linejoinsandcaps_samp.xaml
listboxstyle_samp.xaml                 menus_samp.xaml
miterlimit_samp.xaml                   multibinding_samp.xaml
opacityanimation_samp.xaml             prioritybinding_samp.xaml
propertychangenotification_samp.xaml   radiobuttonlist_samp.xaml
repeatbuttons_samp.xaml                scrollviewer_samp.xaml
simplebinding_samp.xaml                slider_samp.xaml
stackpanel_samp.xaml                   stretch_samp.xaml
tabcontrol_samp.xaml                   table_samp.xaml
textblock_samp.xaml                    textflow_samp.xaml
thumb_samp.xaml                        tooltip_samp.xaml
viewbox_samp.xaml                      xmldatasource_samp.xaml
xmlnsbind_samp.xaml                    
              55 File(s)        986,994 bytes
               0 Dir(s)  43,683,274,752 bytes free
